---
permalink: /posts/:year/:year:month-:title.html
layout: base/bar/bar-sidebar-none
title: "DUB Doctoral Coloquim 2017"

---

<div class="row" style="margin-bottom: 15px">
  <div class="col-md-8" markdown="block">
The DUB doctoral colloquium is a unique opportunity for PhD students to present their key concepts and ideas to a diverse HCI audience and to receive high-quality feedback from DUB faculty, and some of the best of their peers. Lively discussions, insights and novel ideas, and new opportunities for cooperation between research groups may emerge from your participation.

PhD students and candidates are invited to present, discuss and defend their work-in-progress or preliminary results in HCI fields at the doctoral colloquium. PhD students and candidates at <strong> mid- to late-stages </strong> (i.e., third year and above) of their PhD work are invited to submit. Participants will be expected to give 15 minute presentations of their work during the colloquium. After each presentation, a panelist assigned to that participant’s paper will provide targeted feedback, which will then be followed by feedback from other faculty and participants.
   
As stated above, we are limiting participation to fairly senior students. To our knowledge, this is the first year such an event has taken place at DUB. We want to keep the event small and focused while we experiment with the format. We hope to continue this event in the future, opening it up to students at other stages of their PhD.

<h4> Submission </h4>

The submission should clearly describe the following aspects:

1. Problem domain and the specific problem(s) addressed
2. Original key idea and corresponding research questions and/or hypotheses
3. Brief overview of related work
4. Contribution (made / expected) in the field of HCI
5. Research carried out so far and planned ahead, including description of methods and evaluation.

Student submissions must be at most 4 pages long, excluding references. Submissions are required to follow the CHI extended abstract format: <a href="//chi2017.acm.org/submission-formats.html">chi2017.acm.org/submission-formats.html</a>. 

We suggest to use the five aspects listed above as section headings. If you wish to divert from this outline, make sure that the five aspects come out clearly in your submission. We will aim to choose participants from diverse backgrounds (e.g., race, ethnicity, disability, gender, academic discipline) among the top submissions. 

In addition to the document you will be submitting, we ask that you provide 2-3 specific questions that you would specifically like addressed during the colloquium. These questions will help guide the feedback your assigned panelist provides to ensure that you get the most out of the colloquium, although the feedback you get will not likely be limited to those questions. Examples may include “How do I cater my research to an academic/industry audience?” or “How should I narrow my research statement so that my contribution is more clear?”. The more specific these questions are, the more productive the feedback is likely to be.

Please email submissions to <a href="mailto:dub-dc@uw.edu">dub-dc@uw.edu</a>. Submissions are due February 24th, 2017 at 5pm. We will notify participants whether their submission is accepted by March 10th, 2017.

<h4> DUB Doctoral Colloquium Event </h4>

The DUB doctoral colloquium will be held on Friday, April 14th, 2017 from noon to 5pm in the <a href="//www.washington.edu/maps/#!/cse">CSE</a> Gates Commons (CSE 691). Barring major conflicts (e.g., mandatory class or appointments), we expect students to attend for the entire event. We will provide lunch, and plan to hold a post-colloquium happy hour after the event.

The event will primarily consist of 15-minute presentations to which panelists will provide feedback. We may adjust the format slightly based on the quantity and diversity of submissions we receive.

The confirmed panelists are:
- Ed Cutrell (Microsoft Research)
- Julie Kientz (UW Human Centered Design & Engineering)
- Andrew Ko (UW Information School)
- Andrés Monroy-Hernández (Microsoft Research, FUSE Labs)
- Katharina Reinecke (UW Computer Science & Engineering)
- Daniela Rosner (UW Human Centered Design & Engineering)

Gates Commons is accessible by wheelchair. CART and ASL interpretation is available for this event. To request disability accommodation, contact the Disability Services Office at 206-543-6450 (voice), 206-543-6452 (TTY), 206-685-7264 (fax), or dso@uw.edu. Please email <a href="mailto:dub-dc@uw.edu">dub-dc@uw.edu</a> with any questions you have about the event or submitting to it.

We're looking forward to your submissions!

\- Elena Agapie, Christina Chung, Daniel Epstein, Alex Mariakakis, and Katie O'Leary
  </div>
  <div class="col-md-4" markdown="block">
<h4> Important dates </h4>

Submission deadline: February 24th, 2017 at 5pm

Notification: March 10th, 2017

Event: April 14th, 2017
  </div>
</div>
